---
title: Day 58-59

feature_image: "/assets/photos/blog-hero-image.png"
---

On Monday, I didn't have much to talk about, so I decided to save it for the end of Tuesday.
During these two days, I did a lot of trudging through to get the HTTP server to work as intended,
since I needed that properly set up before I could start the tic-tac-toe implementation.

For all of Monday, I focused on getting the server to run properly. Unfortunately I ran into
a major setback on how I might properly process the data. This is where I had some issues with
the Clojure to Java conversion. It's a little confusing using Java code that's mutable with an
immutable language, but I eventually got things to make sense.

For the second half of the day I
wanted to find a solution to my big problem, how do I track and send requests to and from the client.
Since my HTTP_Server did this all by itself it was hard to keep track of that information and an issue
I deliberated on for a while. I had found a half solution by the end of the day which was to store sockets
in an array list upon connecting so that I could access them from my clojure code.

On Tuesday, I found a much better solution. Instead of running the server independently,
I decided to set up my own server using the tools provided by my HTTP_Server. At this point,
I realized how much I had underestimated this project. According to my initial estimations,
I should have been done by now, but I don't even see the horizon yet. After a few hours of setup,
I was pleased with my solution. Essentially, I run the server using tools from my library to allow
me to extend its behavior in the way I'd like. If the user makes a normal request, which in this
case means not having a root request of "/ttt", the server reroutes the behavior to the original library.

By the end of the day, my server was in a good position in terms of being open for extended behavior.
However, I still had to implement the entire tic-tac-toe behavior. If it's anything like what I just
did, I have a lot of work ahead of me.
  

  