---
title: Day 25

feature_image: "/assets/photos/blog-hero-image.png"
---

I had a lot to finalize today before IPM, so my work was cut out for me. I had Three things that needed
done today, first was my 4x4 Tic-Tac-Toe, second was my ISP presentation, and last was my lazy coin
changer kata.

I started with my 4x4 board, it was the highest priority to me, I wanted to get it right. It took about half
the day, but I finally got it to a place where I'm happy with it. I finally had my click with the limited
depth search, it started making sense. I found that telling an AI to be optimally smart at higher levels
of depth searching is unrealistic because the computational time is just too high. The better solution is to
limit how far down the AI can search and just have it make a good guess on the next best move. With that
the AI may not find the optimal move, but it can certainly prevent players from winning. My original
hours to days of computation was chopped down to just a few hundred milliseconds.

Next I moved onto my Interface Segregation Principle presentation. With my slides ready to go, I put
together my dialogue and began practicing. Unfortunately I was a bit behind on this, I had some work
to make-up. By the time I was done, I'm happy with where I'm at on delivering the right information.

Next I did my coin changer kata. I had a good solution, but needed to run through it a few
more times before I was confident with presenting it, so that's exactly what I did. I practiced it about 5
times, and by that last time I was able to run through the kata pretty easily without issues.

I ended the day off by running through all of my stories from my iteration, just ensuring I've hit
the acceptance criteria on everything. I feel confident and ready to go for my IPM tomorrow.