---
title: Day 76

feature_image: "/assets/photos/blog-hero-image.png"
---

Today was my collaborative effort to try and get going on this ClojureScript story. Despite everything
I wasn't very successful, but I'm still glad I gave it my best shot and was open and honest with my
mentor about my whole process.

The day before I'd been running in circles trying to get my code to compile properly since there was
so much involved with the project.clj file as well as other files that even make the whole system even
run properly. In my spike story I'd gotten one of my TicTacToe files to run properly in ClojureScript. This
process took me about half a day to get working, so I deemed that acceptable for my spike story. I figured the
rest would be straight-forward, but I was wrong in assuming that. Additionally, I had not anticipated how
difficult getting Speclj to work with ClojureScript was going to be, it took a lot of extra effort beyond just
putting the dependency in my project.clj file, something I also incorrectly assumed.

After various tuples with Gina she showed me that I needed to pivot directions and use .cljc files which
is something I hadn't even considered yet. I needed to get my web server to interact with clojure files through
.cljc files as an interface. By doing this I'm allowed to keep in the code of mine that otherwise is
incompatible with a web-server, such as the saving and printing. Nonetheless, she showed that I would
need to refactor a lot of code from my original TicTacToe. I had anticipated that refactoring, and
getting the server to run without issues, and actually making my implementation would all take well
over the half-day I had left to get this assignment done, therefore I chose to just be open about
my progress and put my focus more towards my presentations for my IPM tomorrow.
  