---
title: Day 87

feature_image: "/assets/photos/blog-hero-image.png"
---

Today is the day I got introduced to internal dev. I was nervous but equally excited to finally start doing
some internal dev work for the company!

In the morning I started with a little bit of work on my tests, I didn't get too far before lunch and learn,
I did get a few tests knocked out that contributed to this story.

I spent the next three hours at Lunch and Learn and internal IPM. Lunch and learn we did a new game that was
developed by the Jensen's again, like Scattergories. It was a card game that I played a very long time ago as
a kid, it was pretty nostalgic for me. There was also a few first-time presentations from the new apprentices
that I quite enjoyed. It was a reflective activity for me to observe how newer employees approached their first
few presentations, just like me back in February.

After L&L, I moved onto internal IPM. We spent a lot of time looking at current features and deciding what work
needs to be done, what the priorities are, and estimating time on each story. I ended up working with Greg during
IPM to estimate each story and I intend to reach out to him or my mentor if I'm ever needing extra help on this work.
My first internal dev tasks are to fix some bugs that seem like relatively simple fixes.

For the rest of my day I ended up noticing that one of my supposed "small" stories ended up having a more
involved acceptance criteria than I'd anticipated. I needed to consolidate options into my tic-tac-toe game and
make it so the AI moves automatically without additional user input. I worked on that for the rest of the day but
didn't quite finish which I plan to do over the weekend to make up lost time.
