---
title: Day 111

feature_image: "/assets/photos/blog-hero-image.png"
---

This morning, the apprentices and I got together to fix an issue with the master branch of Poker.
Incidentally I got a little bit confused yesterday and messed something up with pushing that
lead to needing some rollbacks on GitHub. It was a pain to fix, but we finished after an hour and a half
or so. I learned a lesson about being more careful and pushing to a separate branch if im not 100%
that the merge was successful.

After that I got started on my last story for the week which was to make todos in poker more apparent.
Well funny enough this needs ANOTHER migration, making three this week for me. I had to change how Poker
stores the number attribute from a long to a float. I figured this out by pairing with Gina.
We came to a solution to label todos as 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, etc. while the stories they were attached
to were 1, 2, 3, etc. Because of the todos being floats, I had to change the attribute accordingly.
The migration was a bit tricky, but I got it working fine after some testing.

However, I'd realized that
floats would not suffice because if a story had 10+ todos, that 1.1, 1.2, soon rolled over to 2.0, 2.1, etc.
I want it instead to become 1.10 instead of 2, which is why I had to convert the value into a string.
Thankfully, this was quite easy because I already had the migrations to change to a float. All I had to
do was change the attribute to type string, tweak a few things, then run the migration again. This fixed
that unintended behavior.