---
title: Day 100

feature_image: "/assets/photos/blog-hero-image.png"
---

This post, marks my 100th work day at Clean Coders so that's cause for celebration!
Given the milestone I'd like to reflect on my time at this company. I still hold the opinion
that I've vastly improved in my craft since starting here.

When I first started at this company I was piled on loads of new concepts that were intimidating at
first, but now hold places as core practices for me as a developer and system designer. I was introduced
to the main practices at Clean Coders, Test Driven Development, and the SOLID principles. It took
some time for me to marinate on and practice both concepts, but I feel more confident than ever in my ability
to follow them and provide flexible and powerful code that can be used in a collaborative environment.

After some months I got introduced with major challenges, I set foot in new territory working on
an HTTP server, and a ClojureScript version of my TicTacToe. Though they could be challenges at times, I
was always able to conquer them and move onto the next step!

More recently, I began working on internal development at the company which, though challenging,
has been very rewarding for me to provide valuable efforts to the company and learn what it means
to collaborate in a much better sense.

At the end of the day, I'm proud of myself to keep chugging through this apprenticeship despite
how challenging it can be. My efforts remind me of the Samurai analogy that Micah gave me when
I first interviewed with him. I will continue to hone my skills always, that's what a true craftsman
does.