---
title: Day 54
categories:
  - Apprenticeship
feature_image: "/assets/photos/apprenticeship-hero-image.png"
---

Today, I'd hoped to finally finish off my testing by no later than noon and hit the ground running on my
other testing story. To my pleasant surprise, not only did I get my first testing story completed by noon,
but I was also right about the second testing story being much easier thanks to how thorough I was in the
first story!

By the time I completed my first testing environment, I was incredibly happy with how good my project
looks and feels. This is the most thorough I've been on a project so far. I'd like to take these lessons
going forward to re-evaluate how much time I give myself on each project and how much effort I put into
testing. I have a good feeling that this is the key for me to reach Clean Coders' standards as a software
craftsman.

For the second half of my day, I worked on the second test story. This story involved injecting Clojure
tests that Micah had made some time ago into my server command line to get expected output. I had five
test files and breezed through the first three in just half a day! I ran into a little reworking where
the tests expected features or specific ways to output that I had not done with my original code just
because I couldn't have known until now. Those reworks took some time, but it wasn't anything serious.
After I had gotten three files testing properly, I decided to call it a day. I should have plenty of time
to get the last two test files working tomorrow and have room to spare so that I can do some last edits
and practice on my presentation before my IPM on Thursday.
  
