---
title: Day 8
categories:
  - Apprenticeship
feature_image: "/assets/photos/apprenticeship-hero-image.png"
---

I spent most of today preparing for my two presentations I have coming up this week. The first one is the
**Prime-Factors Kata** I've been practicing over the previous week, and the second is a five minute
power-point on the **Single Responsibility Principle (SRP)**.

I started first on the SRP presentation by watching all the Uncle Bob Videos up to the one that covers SRP.
This ensured that I was caught up on the concepts and able to fully understand the SRP video itself. After I
finished watching and taking the exam on SRP, I watched it a second time. This time however I created slides as I
followed along, this way I was able to follow the proper flow of information, and ensure not to leave out any
crucial details for the presentation. My slides are completely down, tomorrow I will focus on practicing a
dialogue to follow these slides.

After, I practiced my kata a few more times. I started by cleaning it up even further, first I removed the loop
in the function in favor of recursion, next I made sure to clean up my tests to only tests what's necessary.
While practicing from scratch I was sure to follow the rules of TDD. I only made production code after making
a failing test, and only made an additional failing test after refactoring. Following this process I cut my
demonstration time down to eight minutes and my code and tests are highly polished. I am confidently ready
to demonstrate this kata at any time.

Lastly I ended the day by cleaning up a few more Euler problems. I redid some tests in the earlier problems to not
over test redundant use cases, and make describe's and it's better written. Once I finished those, I was able
to tackle a few problems that I haven't cleaned at all yet and make them much more efficient, clean, and have
good tests.
