---
title: Day 27
categories:
  - Apprenticeship
feature_image: "/assets/photos/apprenticeship-hero-image.png"
---

I kicked off today with some work on my Tic-Tac-Toe board. I still had to finish up implementing
the 1 input per move functionality. After a bit of tinkering, I had it looking good and working perfectly!
It was a solid start to the morning.

I spent the next couple of hours at Lunch and Learn. I started it off with my coin-changer kata.
I memorized the changes that Micah showed me yesterday during IPM and implemented them into my
demonstration. I liked his approach better because it introduced me to **mapcat** and I didn't
have to use Java external libraries. It also made a section of my code much easier to understand

After people presented their internal work, we played Gartic Phone again, I was glad to see my initial
suggestion for the game was liked enough for someone to want to play it again.

After L&L, I implemented my difficulty settings for the Tic-Tac-Toe board. Fortunately I finished
it closer to my optimistic time-frame, it was a quick addition. All I had to do was run a random number
1-10 that made the AI do a smart guess or a random guess depending on the roll and the AI's difficulty.

I finished off today with my coin-changer kata video. My mentors challenged me to not speak during
the video and still convey information well. I ended up overlaying some text on the screen that guides
the viewer. I also added in a circle on the screen that swaps between red, green, and blue to denote
what phase of TDD I'm on.

All in all, a very productive day to end the week on. I'll be set up to dive into my Java
HashMap, and GUI kata on monday!

 <div class="row justify-content-center" style="margin-bottom: 10px">
  <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/gwruQgyk-yk?si=ufS5lQalJiUsBueL"
          title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0"
          allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share"
          allowfullscreen></iframe>
 </div>