---
title: Day 33
categories:
  - Apprenticeship
feature_image: "/assets/photos/apprenticeship-hero-image.png"
---

Going into this week, I have one story fully done. I'd like to practice my presentation each day this week,
so my plan is to work on each of my other stories until Thursday. I need to implement a GUI for my
Tic Tac Toe game, which I anticipate will take the most time. Therefore, it is the story I started my day
with to hit the ground running.

I worked on this implementation throughout the day, and by the end of the day, I was nearly finished with it.
I probably could have finished, but, as I mentioned, I also wanted to start my presentation work today.
I found that the most difficult thing about the GUI implementation is noticing SRP violations among my code,
where it prints information unnecessarily. The function/modules' only purpose is to compute, not print.
The negative consequence of this is that I need to spend time isolating these print statements into their
own module that calls either a GUI or a TUI depending on command-line arguments.

To end my day, I worked on my presentation. It's on the Dependency Inversion Principle, which makes
it the last of the SOLID principles! Reflecting on the time I spent on these principles, I realize
how much they've helped me improve. I find that the most common principles to follow are the SRP and
OCP principles; I tend to unintentionally violate those most often. I spent the day putting my slides
together until I was happy with them, and I wrote up my dialogue script to end the day.
