---
title: Day 9
categories:
  - Apprenticeship
feature_image: "/assets/photos/apprenticeship-hero-image.png"
---

Today was a huge day of prep for me. I was able to finish off my Euler Problem's for the week and that
left me with just preparing for my SRP presentation and Prime-Factors kata.

In the morning, while working on my Euler problems, I finished cleaning the last few problems. I noticed
how much more elegant my code style has become since last week. Last week I took much weaker approaches to
problems that were a product of my inexperience with Clojure. Coming back to these problems with a
noticeably heightened comfort with the language allowed me to come up with more efficient solutions. I also
am more used to following the practices I'm being taught at Clean Coders with separating functions, having
involved tests, and following TDD properly.

Afterward, I decided to tackle Euler 11, a problem I haven't looked at yet. I wanted to follow TDD and
practices I've been taught from the beginning this time, instead of having to come back after solving it.
I was sure to follow everything for proper continued practice.

I had the whole afternoon to practice my presentations I have to have done this week. Because I'm fairly confident in my
mastery of my kata, I mainly focused on my SRP presentation, as it was what needed most work. I ended up
making a script for the presentation and went over it a few times to memorize the dialect and how I would integrate it
into the flow of my power-point. I ended my day by running through the Kata two more times to further deepen my speed
and fluidity
with the exercise.
