---
title: Day 40
categories:
  - Apprenticeship
feature_image: "/assets/photos/apprenticeship-hero-image.png"
---

Today was my last day before IPM, and I had quite a bit of work ahead of me. I needed to
practice my kata a few more times, complete my Component Design videos story, and finalize my 3x3x3 board.

I started the morning with the Component Design videos. I found them a little hard to follow,
so I decided to review them again. Next week, I have to do a presentation on Component Design,
so that will be my chance to understand this topic more in-depth. However, I did grasp the idea
that it's basically the SOLID principles but applied to larger structural packages instead of
individual classes.

The rest of the morning was spent practicing my kata several more times. I feel ready to present
it with no issues tomorrow!

In the afternoon, I returned to work on my 3x3x3 board. At this point, my AI was capable of making smart
moves, but it wasn't necessarily unbeatable. I ended up asking some questions to my mentors, and Micah
posed a thought-provoking question that pushed me straight to the finish line. The simple answer is that
the 3x3x3 AI is not unbeatable if the player has the first turn. Placing your piece in the middle cube
guarantees a win if you can make the right moves. Therefore, all I have to do is make my AI always place
their piece in the middle cube if they have the first turn. From there, the AI knows how to win without
giving you a chance to beat them! Having fixed that issue, I was pretty satisfied with how I ended the day,
knowing I'll go into tomorrow's meeting having met all the acceptance criteria.