---
title: Day 106
categories:
  - Apprenticeship
feature_image: "/assets/photos/apprenticeship-hero-image.png"
---

Today was a lot of pairing for me. We focused on two stories today that were both pretty high
point values, but none of us wanted to exceed our velocities, therefore, we thought it'd be best to just work
on them together.

The morning consisted of working on a render error bug that Greg had uncovered last week. This
was caused by clicking out of the duplicate story confirmation model on Epic. It really wasn't as difficult
as the story seemed to make it out to be. By late-morning we had found a good solution and
completed that story.

In the early-afternoon I paired with Gina. I showed her the work I've done this week, she was
happy with my efforts! I also showed her the uncovered issue that Speclj has. Fortunately she told me that
wasn't grounds to not meet acceptance criteria, it was just a typical side effect of changing libraries
that are heavily depended on. I have a few ideas on a workaround that I'd like to share with people at IPM,
but unfortunately I'm going to be out tomorrow for travelling.

After my call with Gina I paired with Merl and Greg again to finish the other story. This one was allowing
org members to join multiple teams on the Clean Coders website. Greg seemed to mostly run the paired programming.
I helped until about 4:30pm but had to leave for the day. It worked out this way since my velocity this
week is 8 instead of 10, so I just took less credit for this project and left the other two to finish this story
up. By the time I'd left we were nearly done.