---
title: Day 79
categories:
  - Apprenticeship
feature_image: "/assets/photos/apprenticeship-hero-image.png"
---

I've a fresh week ahead of me. I don't have as many days this week to hit my quota since my IPM was permanently
moved to Wednesdays on account of the two new apprentices. I can't really complain since I only have 4 points this
week.

Early this morning I finally fully fixed my issues with the ClojureScript project set up! It's been a long and
gruelling task between Gina and me. Our combined efforts paid off! I was proud to share that information with
her and I think it will reflect well on how I present this project to her and Micah on Wednesday.

Afterward I got into the supposed meat of this project which was getting the stateless TicTacToe game
running on my website. Today to accomplish this I focused on integrating my project into .cljc files.
I have a good grasp on what does and doesn't need to be a .cljc file. It really comes down to if the file is
usable for both frontend and backend, then it should be a .cljc file. I accomplished this by adding in my
TicTacToe files one by one getting each one to work starting from the most concrete classes up to the more
abstract ones. By the end of it all I had my project fully working as both a ClojureScript and Clojure
version!

Tomorrow all I have to do is implement my new ui for the ClojureScript implementation, then I'm ready for my IPM.
I'm hoping I can get this done early so that I have some time to really make sure everything looks good for Wednesday.
  