---
title: Day 13
categories:
  - Apprenticeship
feature_image: "/assets/photos/apprenticeship-hero-image.png"
---

Today was a productive day! I made notable progress on each story in this week's iteration.
Tomorrow I will be able to pick up where I left off on each story and hopefully wrap some of them up by
the end of day.

To start, I watched some Uncle Bob videos on the Liskov Substitution principle, I want to go over it a bit more since
some parts of it still haven't fully clicked. I plan to do so by re-watching sections of the videos I watched and doing
some outside research on the subject.

Onto my next task, I practiced my prime factors kata before recording myself doing it. My recording was just around 6
minutes long which is a great length for the video. I did a bit of editing today, and tomorrow I will finish up the
video
and post it on YouTube to finish that story.

The largest portion of my afternoon was spent preparing for the Open Closed Principle presentation I need to have
done by Thursday. I spent a good while fully understanding the concept before making my slides. I wanted to
demonstrate a good example in Clojure on how one can violate the OCP, and then how that code could be refactored to not
violate the principle, however this took some additional research on Clojure syntax to get this working as I'd hoped.
I have to finish up my slides tomorrow, and then I can move on to practicing my dialogue for the presentation.

I wrapped up the day by practicing the coin-changer kata a few times, and I've cleaned my solution even further by using
thread-first macros to make the process much cleaner. I will have a strong demonstration of the kata by Thursday!
