---
title: Day 53
categories:
  - Apprenticeship
feature_image: "/assets/photos/apprenticeship-hero-image.png"
---

With the new workweek starting, I feel refreshed and ready to get this testing finished off.
Regardless of my progress, I plan to work on my presentation story by the end of the day so that
I have some legroom to practice it properly before Thursday.

I spent most of my day getting this story finished, but wasn't quite able to finish it off. However,
I'm very close! Tomorrow will likely be a long day since I need to finish this story off and get into
my other testing story. Fortunately, I have a feeling that having done my current story so thoroughly
will make the next one notably easier, as they are very similar stories. By the end of my time working on
these tests, I had finished everything except a few implementations on my **ClientResponse**, one of my
low-level implementations that has a lot of possible outputs. It needs a lot of tests to go with it.

For the latter portion of my day, I got some work done on the presentation I have on Component Design.
I started this story a few weeks ago but fell short on some material, so I'm doing this as a makeup.
I'm hoping that this will help offset the extra time I spent on my testing story because I have most
of this presentation done already. I re-watched the Uncle Bob video on the principles of Component Design
that I missed and made some slides for them in my presentation. I feel that the length of it is too long now.
Tomorrow I'll find a way to compress my content a bit.
