---
title: Day 63
categories:
  - Apprenticeship
feature_image: "/assets/photos/apprenticeship-hero-image.png"
---

Today was all about jumping into making my HTTP server more extensible, and usable from high-level
function calls. I am happy with my productivity today because I got a few things here and there done
instead of focusing on one thing like I usually tend to do.

For the first half of the day I watched another Uncle Bob video, I have quite a few to watch this week
so instead of having a day dedicated to cramming all this knowledge with 8 hours of video watching, I'm
going to try to watch one video in the morning of each day, and some days at the end of my day as well.

After my videos, I went to Lunch and Learn. I could only stay the first 45 minutes because I had an
appointment to go to, fortunately the actual IPM portion of it was over before then, so I only missed out
on the game section a bit.

After getting back from my appointment, I ended up diving into my HTTP server implementation for the rest of
the day. Where I went wrong last week was that I had used low-level functions for my server library, when instead
I should have focused on high level function calls. The current state of my library is unable to handle that
simply because it is not fully OCP compliant.

I ended up spending a few hours migrating my ttt-web project from a Leiningen to a debs.edn project.
Getting this to work properly and import the jar files was tricky, but I got it working.

Afterward, I was able to finish up my day by cleaning up some of the function calls in my HTTP_Server.
This included changing some names and designing a few functions that have the intention of being used
in the context as an API.