---
layout: blog-default
title: 111-120
---

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 120 - 7/24/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center" style="margin: 20px">
  <p>
   Going into today I got started on a new story that I anticipate to be pretty tricky. I have to
   refactor Epic to be able to give project updates to users not currently present in a project. Greg
   found this coupling last week because it interfered with the weekly page being able to receive push
   updates because users in the weekly page aren't actually in projects.</p>
  <p>
   I found one route to take would be to remove the unique property from connection-id's on members, but
   I wasn't sure if this was feasible, I ended up speaking to Brandon about it to see what he thinks.
   Brandon told me that a temporary solution is to store unique connection-id's on users in the db, then
   have members have non-unique connection-id's on their entities. By doing this I'm able to link a member
   to a user, then send push updates to all of that user's connections.</p>
  <p>
   Brandon left me with a pretty involved list of steps that I can follow to achieve this outcome, so
   I started following it step by step. By the end of the day I got through most of them but still had a lot
   of work ahead of me, I'm incidentally a bit behind on this story. I'll work on it for a bit tomorrow
   but I should prioritize my other story in the meantime.</p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 119 - 7/23/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center" style="margin: 20px">
  <p>
   The first story I did this week was to save data in Speclj to a safety file for the vigilant runner.
   I had brought this concern up to Micah a few weeks ago because I found developing with the vigilant
   runner was quite confusing when it's deleting necessary saved data in the files when they are refreshed.</p>
  <p>
   I had to do a lot of tinkering to come to a solution but found a good approach is to just have the vigilant
   runner ignore all files that have some form of save state that should be preserved upon reloading files.
   Creating the function took a bit of time, but after about two hours I had something that worked pretty well.</p>
  <p>
   My next step was to just go through each file and see which files break the whole program when they are reloaded.
   Once I identified them, I put them on a blacklist that prevents the vigilant runner from watching them until
   the program is entirely reset. Finishing this story in one day is a strong start to my week!</p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 118 - 7/22/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center" style="margin: 20px">
  <p>
   The first story I did this week was to save data in Speclj to a safety file for the vigilant runner.
   I had brought this concern up to Micah a few weeks ago because I found developing with the vigilant
   runner was quite confusing when it's deleting necessary saved data in the files when they are refreshed.</p>
  <p>
   I had to do a lot of tinkering to come to a solution but found a good approach is to just have the vigilant
   runner ignore all files that have some form of save state that should be preserved upon reloading files.
   Creating the function took a bit of time, but after about two hours I had something that worked pretty well.</p>
  <p>
   My next step was to just go through each file and see which files break the whole program when they are reloaded.
   Once I identified them, I put them on a blacklist that prevents the vigilant runner from watching them until
   the program is entirely reset. Finishing this story in one day is a strong start to my week!</p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 117 - 7/19/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center" style="margin: 20px">
  <p>
   This morning before IPM, my migrations ended up having some complications, unfortunately. I couldn't do a
   hotfix before today's meetings, I settled by demoing on localhost, which is not ideal but not unacceptable.</p>
  <p>
   L&L was pleasant as usual. We got some presentations from the newer apprentices and then moved onto a
   game chosen by Olive. She ended up picking sets, the game that the Jensen's put together on a project.
   As usual, Greg destroyed us at this game.</p>
  <p>
   in IPM, the demos went mostly okay. I ended up running into a bug on the retroactive todos during
   my demo which I promised to fix next week at 0 points. I thought it may have been some corrupted
   data as a result of me trying to fix the migration this morning, but it could be some actual
   bugs that need to be addressed.</p>
  <p>
   After the demos we planned our next week of work and are ready to go. I didn't get a whole-lot done since
   I had lunch after IPM, then it was practically the end of the day for me. I'll pick up a new story
   on Monday.</p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 116 - 7/18/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center" style="margin: 20px">
  <p>
   Today was all about finishing up the retroactive todos story I was working on. I started by having the number
   actually show up on the front end when todos are listed in poker. Now if I have 1. story, it's todos will be
   1.1 t1, 1.2 t2, etc. With all the changes I made, this implementation was pretty simple and only took me
   about half an hour to work the way I wanted it to.</p>
  <p>
   Finally, for the rest of the day, I went back to Epic's end and got it to send over todos, properly
   converted to poker stories on a link. By doing this I was able to fulfill the AC and have todos
   be found retroactively by Poker. I am ready for IPM tomorrow.</p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 115 - 7/17/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center" style="margin: 20px">
  <p>
   Going into today I wanted to finish up the todo story but ended up running into a bunch of setbacks.
   I found there was a lot to rework in how Epic communicates todos to poker and those needed to be addressed.</p>
  <p>
   For starters, todos on poker don't have anything that connects them to their Epic story, so I had to rework
   the database to allow an attribute :super-story that will fix that issue. This took most of the day
   because there was a lot of refactoring I had to do to make this possible and work on Poker's end.</p>
  <p>
   By the end of the day I also had to refactor how the todos number is calculated to just be based off how
   many todos are linked to the same super-story, by doing this, any updates on Epic can update the numbers
   on Poker without making a bunch of unnecessary expensive invocations. Ending today I had fixed a lot of stuff
   and that was satisfying, but I've got a lot more to do tomorrow.</p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 114 - 7/16/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center" style="margin: 20px">
  <p>
   This morning I was able to finish up the last of this route checking story. I ran into a small setback
   which was refactoring how this function passes in parameters, since it relies on a specific context
   of handlers to work properly. My fix was to just have the handlers be passed in when the function
   is called. I don't think this is a perfect solution, but certainly good enough for now. Once I had
   finished I just had to create the pull request and wait on someone to accept it, so I could update
   the other projects, an otherwise trivial task.</p>
  <p>
   In the afternoon I started a story that I knew was going to be tough, which was the retroactive
   adding of todos on Poker. The initial issue was that Epic passes its stories to Poker, but not its todos
   on an initial sync. Fixing this sounds simple but there was also an issue with Epic just sending
   raw stories, and expecting Poker to know how to convert them. This certainly violates a few
   principles and needs to be reworked. I spent the rest of the day working on this refactoring and had
   a decent solution by the end of the day. Epic now converts stories into poker stories before sending
   them over.</p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 113 - 7/15/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center" style="margin: 20px">
  <p>
   I started this morning off by finishing up the top bar design implementation that I had nearly
   finished last Friday. It was fun to get to do my first interaction with sandboxes to see
   how that works as a developer. The whole process was actually quite simple, I just had to inject
   the HTML that was provided for me into the page and have the buttons behave the way they should.
   Since the "weekly" button didn't actually go anywhere yet, I had it just route back to projects
   for the time being, I will hotfix that later in the week once Greg has finished the barebones
   weekly page.</p>
  <p>
   The second half of the day I got started on the route checking story. This story has an issue
   where each project has their own route-checking functions that should probably just exist
   in c3kit-wire. Additionally, they don't even behave the intended way, therefore I started
   this project by just playing around with Epic's route checking function and getting it to behave
   as it should. It took a little while, but by the end of the day it was working as intended!
   Tomorrow I just need to move this function to the proper project then update each project
   that uses this feature.</p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 112 - 7/12/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center" style="margin: 20px">
  <p>
   Today was our regular L&L, followed by Internal IPM. I started the morning by pairing with the apprentices
   to push to staging. We found a minor issue with my migrations that got hot-fixed, then we were just
   practiced our demos a bit before Lunch and Learn.</p>
  <p>
   First we had a few presentations from our new apprentices and Brandon. Afterward we did our Friday Fun-time.
   I was the facilitator this week, so I got to choose what game we played. I ended up going with Codenames
   which has been a fan-favorite in the past with everybody.</p>
  <p>
   After a few rounds of codenames we moved onto Internal IPM. There were no issues with the demos and everything
   got accepted! When we moved onto planning next week, we started discussing the new "Weekly" tab that
   would exist on Epic. There was some back and forth debate on how to approach this, which was fun to
   contribute to. Once we finished, I got started on the first one which was the top bar design implementation.
   I didn't get too far with it before the end of the day since I only had about an hour to work on it, but
   it doesn't seem too difficult, I should have no issue finishing it Monday.</p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 111 - 7/11/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center" style="margin: 20px">
  <p>
   This morning, the apprentices and I got together to fix an issue with the master branch of Poker.
   Incidentally I got a little bit confused yesterday and messed something up with pushing that
   lead to needing some rollbacks on GitHub. It was a pain to fix, but we finished after an hour and a half
   or so. I learned a lesson about being more careful and pushing to a separate branch if im not 100%
   that the merge was successful.</p>
  <p>
   After that I got started on my last story for the week which was to make todos in poker more apparent.
   Well funny enough this needs ANOTHER migration, making three this week for me. I had to change how Poker
   stores the number attribute from a long to a float. I figured this out by pairing with Gina.
   We came to a solution to label todos as 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, etc. while the stories they were attached
   to were 1, 2, 3, etc. Because of the todos being floats, I had to change the attribute accordingly.
   The migration was a bit tricky, but I got it working fine after some testing.</p>
  <p>
   However, I'd realized that
   floats would not suffice because if a story had 10+ todos, that 1.1, 1.2, soon rolled over to 2.0, 2.1, etc.
   I want it instead to become 1.10 instead of 2, which is why I had to convert the value into a string.
   Thankfully, this was quite easy because I already had the migrations to change to a float. All I had to
   do was change the attribute to type string, tweak a few things, then run the migration again. This fixed
   that unintended behavior.</p>

 </div>
</div>
