---
layout: blog-default
title: 61-70
---

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 70 - 5/7/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row" style="margin: 20px">

  <p>
   Going into today I had one goal in mind, to watch 5 videos and pass all the exams for them.
   I had about 10 left, so to stay on pace I needed to finish off my design pattern videos.</p>
  <p>
   By the end of the day I had finished them, but needless to say they were very dense content.
   I think there's still room to watch them over again if I ever need a refresher since a lot of it
   was pretty hard to understand. However, I did get the general gist of each lesson in each video.
   By the end of the day I felt pretty good with my understanding of the concepts and I plan to
   try my best to implement these patterns into my code. But like the videos stated, they are best used
   after I have an intimate understanding of them. I would like to look into getting the Design Patterns
   book to further my research on the topic.</p>
  <p>
   To finish off my day I met up with merl to discuss our presentation we are doing together. By the end
   of our meeting we had put together a solid set of slides and dialogue for our IPMs.
  </p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 69 - 5/6/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row" style="margin: 20px">

  <p>
   Today I got to work on a research project for Clojure Con for the company. I'm more than happy to do
   this work since it's officially the first work I'm doing that provides gain for the company since I
   started.</p>
  <p>
   Micah is interested in flying the company out to Virginia this fall to go to Clojure Con as a group.
   To do so, he needs to preliminary questions answers which he entrusted me to get answered. Mostly these
   questions are about the estimated cost range and the availability of our group.</p>
  <p>
   To get started on this assignment, I started looking into each question to get answered, to find out
   what I need to ask of my colleagues for my research. After about an hour, I came created a Google form
   to send out to everybody that I'll come back to on wednesday to finish off this story.</p>
  <p>
   To end off my day, I watched another clean code video.</p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 68 - 5/3/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row" style="margin: 20px">

  <p>
   Starting this week I had no actual programming projects, everything I have to do is about
   research and presenting. I have a lot of videos on Design patterns to watch so that's going to
   be my main focus for this week.</p>
  <p>
   I started off today with one video and then went into our weekly Lunch and Learn. We had a good amount of
   internal dev this week, it was pretty interesting to listen in on what everyone is working on.
   After the meeting ended, I had lunch and ended my day with a few more design pattern videos.
  </p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 67 - 5/2/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row" style="margin: 20px">

  <p>
   I was very happy with how my IPM ended today! I don't think I've had an IPM with fewer comments than this one.
   I feel as though I really impressed Gina and Micah today!</p>
  <p>
   My IPM was pushed to the afternoon so after that and Lunch, I only had time to watch a few more
   clean code videos in the rest of the day, therefore that is what I did.
  </p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 66 - 5/1/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row" style="margin: 20px">

  <p>
   Being that today is Wednesday, I have to finish up my last two stories before my IPM tomorrow.
   Thankfully I was almost done with the videos and had nearly a full day to focus on my TicTacToe
   clean up story.</p>
  <p>
   I watched one video at the beginning and end of the day to wrap that story up. Needless to say
   watching that many videos in one week was a lot of information to take in. I may come back to
   some of these videos to make sure all the concepts stuck.</p>
  <p>
   The rest of the day I spent finishing up my clean-up story as I previously mentioned. Like my
   HTTP_Server story, I had to refactor to allow the use of high level functions. My ttt-web application
   is a ui type for my application, I have to extend the behavior of the ui within my ttt API.
   Fortunately my TicTacToe was already mostly capable of this!</p>
  <p>
   I had to account for two new things. The first was that unlike my other UI implementations, the web ui
   can't maintain a persistent conversation with my TTT implementation. This is because the web ui has
   to make a new connection via POST everytime I want to update information. To accommodate this extracted
   each round of the game from the game-loop function I have. By doing this I can run a single round
   individually without it looping until the game is over. The second refactoring I focused on was
   allowed the play-turn function to return different things depending on the UIs context.
   I did this because the web-ui is expecting html content, while the other UIs are expecting a game state
   after a turn is played.</p>
  <p>
   Finishing up my changes, I put some implementations into my ttt-web server to further demonstrate the
   work I did this week. I feel fully ready for my IPM tomorrow!
  </p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 65 - 4/30/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row" style="margin: 20px">

  <p>
   Today I was determined to solve my HTTP_Server problem, I am incredibly satisfied with the
   solution I came to.</p>
  <p>
   I started my morning with another clean code video. These usually take about an hour to watch the content
   and take the test until I get 100%.</p>
  <p>
   Next I fiddled with my HTTP_Server problem for about an hour until I was pretty stuck. I ended up
   pairing with Alex for a bit on Tuple, he gave me really helpful pointers. The solution we came to was
   to use dependency injection. I've learned of this concept but never applied it before, I didn't think of
   it until now. I set up my HTTP_Server to allow new response-types to be injected into it from the outside.
   By doing this I could create an extended behavior from my ttt-web without changing the internal structure!
   Doing this paired with implementing a java interface in Clojure, I finally got the behavior I wanted! I
   could happily and confidently check off my HTTP_Server clean up story.</p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 64 - 4/29/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row" style="margin: 20px">

  <p>
   Going into this week I feel fully reset from last week! I want to get my HTTP Server done the end of
   tomorrow, so that I still have a day to focus on my TicTacToe clean up.</p>
  <p>
   Today ended up being a pretty big trudge mostly because I was working out some refactoring to get my
   server to work properly in the context of a library. This involved adjusting a few more functions
   and setting up my ttt-web application to use it properly. Near midday, I got pretty stuck on the
   reoccurring problem I'm having which is that my point of entry in this application is at the HTTP_Server
   library, but I need to send that data back to my ttt-web application. I decided to pocket it for now
   and put some time into catching up on some clean code videos I have to watch. That took up the rest of my
   day.</p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 63 - 4/26/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row" style="margin: 20px">

  <p>
   Today was all about jumping into making my HTTP server more extensible, and usable from high-level
   function calls. I am happy with my productivity today because I got a few things here and there done
   instead of focusing on one thing like I usually tend to do.</p>
  <p>
   For the first half of the day I watched another Uncle Bob video, I have quite a few to watch this week
   so instead of having a day dedicated to cramming all this knowledge with 8 hours of video watching, I'm
   going to try to watch one video in the morning of each day, and some days at the end of my day as well.</p>
  <p>
   After my videos, I went to Lunch and Learn. I could only stay the first 45 minutes because I had an
   appointment to go to, fortunately the actual IPM portion of it was over before then, so I only missed out
   on the game section a bit.</p>
  <p>
   After getting back from my appointment, I ended up diving into my HTTP server implementation for the rest of
   the day. Where I went wrong last week was that I had used low-level functions for my server library, when instead
   I should have focused on high level function calls. The current state of my library is unable to handle that
   simply because it is not fully OCP compliant.</p>
  <p>
   I ended up spending a few hours migrating my ttt-web project from a Leiningen to a debs.edn project.
   Getting this to work properly and import the jar files was tricky, but I got it working.</p>
  <p>
   Afterward, I was able to finish up my day by cleaning up some of the function calls in my HTTP_Server.
   This included changing some names and designing a few functions that have the intention of being used
   in the context as an API.</p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 62 - 4/26/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row" style="margin: 20px">

  <p>
   Today was all about jumping into making my HTTP server more extensible, and usable from high-level
   function calls. I am happy with my productivity today because I got a few things here and there done
   instead of focusing on one thing like I usually tend to do.</p>
  <p>
   For the first half of the day I watched another Uncle Bob video, I have quite a few to watch this week
   so instead of having a day dedicated to cramming all this knowledge with 8 hours of video watching, I'm
   going to try to watch one video in the morning of each day, and some days at the end of my day as well.</p>
  <p>
   After my videos, I went to Lunch and Learn. I could only stay the first 45 minutes because I had an
   appointment to go to, fortunately the actual IPM portion of it was over before then, so I only missed out
   on the game section a bit.</p>
  <p>
   After getting back from my appointment, I ended up diving into my HTTP server implementation for the rest of
   the day. Where I went wrong last week was that I had used low-level functions for my server library, when instead
   I should have focused on high level function calls. The current state of my library is unable to handle that
   simply because it is not fully OCP compliant.</p>
  <p>
   I ended up spending a few hours migrating my ttt-web project from a Leiningen to a debs.edn project.
   Getting this to work properly and import the jar files was tricky, but I got it working.</p>
  <p>
   Afterward, I was able to finish up my day by cleaning up some of the function calls in my HTTP_Server.
   This included changing some names and designing a few functions that have the intention of being used
   in the context as an API.</p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 61 - 4/25/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row" style="margin: 20px">

  <p>
   I went into IPM today knowing that I had not the best work to show, but that's okay. I feel as though
   I more than made up for it with the lessons I took back today. I've struggled with underestimating
   my projects in the past, but I'm ready to pivot how I estimate to be more fair to myself. It's something
   that will be crucial to my success as a craftsmen, I can't promise clients unrealistic timelines.</p>
  <p>
   During my meeting I ended up asking Gina for some advice on how I might better estimate with caution.
   She gave two good pointers that I won't forget.</p>
  <p>
   The first was to ask for spike stories. A spike story is one, maybe two points dedicating to doing some
   research on the actual story so that I can give it a fair estimate. This typically only applies when
   I'm assigned a task that contains new topics for me. This would have heavily applied in my ttt-web
   project because I would have been able to better anticipate the mountain of refactoring I'd have to do
   for this project to work properly.</p>
  <p>
   The second piece of advice was to spend extra time on breaking down my projects to further understand
   exactly what I'm committing to. What that means is that when I'm asked to estimate one story, I'll break
   it up into smaller stories pinpointing the major things I have to accomplish to get the entire story done.
   That allows me to individually estimate each step, instead of the story as a whole. I ended up doing this
   for next weeks' work which I found monumentally helpful.</p>
  <p>
   After leaving IPM today I felt refreshed and ready to tackle my new tasks, more confident in the time I
   allotted for them. I ended my day off by watching a few videos on Advanced Test Driven Development.</p>

 </div>
</div>
