---
layout: blog-default
title: 81-90
---

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 90 - 6/5/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center" style="margin: 20px">
  <p>
   I am happy to say I've completed phase 3 of my apprenticeship today! I got everything ready for my IPM and met all
   my acceptance criteria with flying colors. During the IPM Micah had me think reflectively on how my new-found
   architectural strategies help my programs be consistently flexible with each additional change in behavior.
   This has always been a setback for me in the past, it's satisfying to overcome this hardship finally.</p>
  <p>
   In the afternoon I started working on my internal dev story by myself. I spent a lot of time just trying to
   understand the system, just like yesterday. Most of my efforts were put on just reading through the system,
   understanding how each thing works. I'm slow with reading all this unfamiliar code but slowly getting better
   as I become more familiar. The story I'm currently working on is to fix the create-and-label bug. Around the
   end of the day I ended up pairing with Greg and Merl to get this story finished! Mostly Greg helped us
   through the code, I'd love to get more autonomous!
  </p>
 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 89 - 6/4/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center" style="margin: 20px">
  <p>
   I worked on two things in particular today. The first was finishing up my last non-internal dev story which
   was ensuring that my ttt-web still worked fine with the new tic-tac-toe updates, and also that it could
   serve the frontend implementation of tic-tac-toe. This wasn't too difficult, I was done by midday.</p>

  <p>
   After a lunch break I paired with Greg for about an hour and a half where he showed me a lot of the onboarding
   process of internal dev systems. I got all the necessary repositories, databases, and access that I needed for now
   to look at my first story which is fixing a label bug in Epic. After our call I spent some time just running through
   all my other stories to make sure I am ready for IPM tomorrow, and then I spent the remainder of my day
   exploring the code-base to get a better understanding of it. I plan to fix this bug tomorrow after my IPM.</p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 88 - 6/3/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center" style="margin: 20px">
  <p>
   I had one focus in mind and that was finishing the improved testing story for ClojureScript. I was
   quite successful with this story and felt good with the work I finished.</p>
  <p>
   The first thing I focused on in this testing story was the menu navigation. I needed to ensure that
   the right options were rendering under the right contexts. Afterward, I went into testing the game-board
   making sure that it looks as expected depending on the board size and where certain tokens have been placed.</p>
  <p>
   At the end of the day I did some work on testing simulated button clicks and got it working! However, it only seemed
   to rehash what my other tests did. I suppose it at least showed that clicking buttons do their correct function.
   After I had these buttons tested I had around 400 lines of tests lined up to my 280 lines of production so I had
   a much better ratio going forward.</p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 87 - 5/31/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center" style="margin: 20px">
  <p>
   Today is the day I got introduced to internal dev. I was nervous but equally excited to finally start doing
   some internal dev work for the company!</p>
  <p>
   In the morning I started with a little bit of work on my tests, I didn't get too far before lunch and learn,
   I did get a few tests knocked out that contributed to this story.</p>

  <p>
   I spent the next three hours at Lunch and Learn and internal IPM. Lunch and learn we did a new game that was
   developed by the Jensen's again, like Scattergories. It was a card game that I played a very long time ago as
   a kid, it was pretty nostalgic for me. There was also a few first-time presentations from the new apprentices
   that I quite enjoyed. It was a reflective activity for me to observe how newer employees approached their first
   few presentations, just like me back in February.</p>

  <p>
   After L&L, I moved onto internal IPM. We spent a lot of time looking at current features and deciding what work
   needs to be done, what the priorities are, and estimating time on each story. I ended up working with Greg during
   IPM to estimate each story and I intend to reach out to him or my mentor if I'm ever needing extra help on this work.
   My first internal dev tasks are to fix some bugs that seem like relatively simple fixes.</p>

  <p>For the rest of my day I ended up noticing that one of my supposed "small" stories ended up having a more
   involved acceptance criteria than I'd anticipated. I needed to consolidate options into my tic-tac-toe game and
   make it so the AI moves automatically without additional user input. I worked on that for the rest of the day but
   didn't quite finish which I plan to do over the weekend to make up lost time.</p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 86 - 5/30/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center" style="margin: 20px">
  <p>
   Today I had two choices ahead of me, work on testing, or making sure my ttt-web can still be integrated with my new
   updated features. I chose to focus on the latter and do a little bit of extra dev work on it.</p>
  <p>
   The tricky thing about my ttt-web project is I never actually finished it, we ended up moving on before I had the
   chance to. To compensate I'd like to put some work into it so that my presentation of its integration with my
   updated ttt still works. At its current state, it's not very presentable. I focused on this for the first half
   of the day until I found a good stopping point. I did a little bit of work on making the menu selection work
   better, but I still have to make the game itself work.</p>
  <p>
   For the second half of my day I jumped into improving my ClojureScript tests. I started with some of the suggestions
   that Micah made during my IPM yesterday to get a good idea and flow and then starting working away. By the end of the
   day I had vastly improved my tests. They were not quite done yet, but nonetheless better.
  </p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 86 - 5/30/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center" style="margin: 20px">
  <p>
   Going into my IPM I was very satisfied to finally get this ClojureScript project finished. I've been
   struggling on it for two weeks, I'm glad to finally hit acceptance criteria. That being said, my mentors did
   have a lot to say about my project and the work that needed to be done on it. Particularly I fell short on
   testing. A lot of my tests were big blobs that were hard to read and through this project I think I just forgot
   about making tests well-written prose. There-fore a bigger task for me is to go back and make all my tests look
   good, readable, and fully involved for this project. In total, they gave me 6 points this week to cover the
   remainder of phase 3 of my apprenticeship. The remaining 4 points I'll receive on Friday for internal dev work!</p>
  <p>
   For the remainder of the day I focused on knocking out a bunch of small stories I have that are 0.25-0.5 points each.
   By the end of the day I'd finished all of them, I'm happy with where I'm at before ending my day.</p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 85 - 5/29/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center" style="margin: 20px">
  <p>
   Going into my IPM I was very satisfied to finally get this ClojureScript project finished. I've been
   struggling on it for two weeks, I'm glad to finally hit acceptance criteria. That being said, my mentors did
   have a lot to say about my project and the work that needed to be done on it. Particularly I fell short on
   testing. A lot of my tests were big blobs that were hard to read and through this project I think I just forgot
   about making tests well-written prose. There-fore a bigger task for me is to go back and make all my tests look
   good, readable, and fully involved for this project. In total, they gave me 6 points this week to cover the
   remainder of phase 3 of my apprenticeship. The remaining 4 points I'll receive on Friday for internal dev work!</p>
  <p>
   For the remainder of the day I focused on knocking out a bunch of small stories I have that are 0.25-0.5 points each.
   By the end of the day I'd finished all of them, I'm happy with where I'm at before ending my day.
  </p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 84 - 5/28/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center" style="margin: 20px">
  <p>
   Starting this week refreshed from my three-day weekend I spent the day fixing up the last few remaining features
   of my TTT game. I'm pleased to announce I've finally finished this project after struggling on it for
   quite a long time. I put in some good unit tests, the design is intuitive and the game works just as expected.
   I'm definitely ready to show what I've got at my IPM tomorrow!</p>

  <script src="/ttt/ttt-src/target/goog/base.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
  <script src="/ttt/ttt-src/target/ttt_dev.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
  <script type="text/javascript">
   goog.require("tic_tac_toe.main")
  </script>

  <div id="root" class="justify-content-center"></div>
  <script type="text/javascript" defer>
   tic_tac_toe.main.main();
  </script>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 83 - 5/24/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center" style="margin: 20px">
  <p>
   Today was the wrap-up of my main implementation onto of my stateless ClojureScript TTT game. I got almost entirely
   finished but there was still some wrap-ups I had left to do, I'm going to save those for Tuesday before my
   IPM.</p>
  <p>
   In the morning I got started on things, in particular I designed the grids for my TicTacToe game in the web-ui
   format, I'm quite pleased with how it looks and the user-input is fairly intuitive.</p>
  <p>
   Next on my agenda was Lunch and Learn, I was in charge of facilitating the game, therefore I spent some time
   ensuring I had a game that would be fun for everybody. Initially I was going to repeat a game played earlier on
   but I decided to go with a JackBox game that I happen to own.</p>
  <p>
   After Lunch and Learn I spent the rest of the day on my ClojureScript project. It mostly works but there's still
   some things I'd like to fix up, as I mentioned I'm going to fix them up on Tuesday after memorial-day weekend.
  </p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 82 - 5/23/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center" style="margin: 20px">
  <p>
   My focus today was understanding Reagent much more deeply since I rushed myself to get this project
   done before my IPM. I clearly didn't understand it well enough to be confident using it.</p>
  <p>
   For the morning I took time looking at Reagent materials and tutorials to ensure I know how it works. My biggest
   issue was I misunderstood the use of the render function and ratoms. Micah talked about this a little bit yesterday.
   I assumed rendering had to be recalled each update, but it acts more as an event driven listener that waits for
   updates in a specified ratom to update itself. It took some fiddling, but eventually I got my project restructured
   to use rendering and ratoms properly.</p>
  <p>
   For the second half of the day I got my menu put in for my TicTacToe game, and I worked on the board a little bit.
   I am very close to being done I just need a few more implementations and tests for this project to finally be done
   with the coding part. Afterward I need to put it on my blog to be a fully usable stateless TTT game.
  </p>

 </div>
</div>

<div class="container bg-light">
 <br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center">
  <h1 class="align-middle text-center col-10"><b>Day 81 - 5/22/2024</b></h1>
 </div>

 <br><br>
 <div class="row justify-content-center" style="margin: 20px">
  <p>
   My IPM went as expected. I had to explain my situation to my mentor and go back and get this project finished
   for good. Micah gave me some good tips on project flow and how I can properly use Reagent since I was doing
   some things wrong.</p>
  <p>
   During the meeting my project encountered some build issues that needed to be resolved so that's what I
   focused on for the rest of the day. It took some playing around, but eventually I got things working okay.
   I seem to be dealing with an issue where the project sometimes compiles wrong and doesn't see certain files
   when it should. I found a workaround by using the dev build and the script in my dev project to get it to
   properly see my TicTacToe files and everything seems to work just fine!
  </p>

 </div>
</div>
